[Music]
I'm gonna teach you I'm gonna teach you
okay look this is trench that I got on
those with heart some of it you how to
be a sniper headshots okay first of all
I only kill terror some of these people
are they're here to kill you here that I
can begin shot from any direction like
him
no wrong with the boat
no soon everybody in click it twice
candy that's how you can rest if you are
[Music]
my calibers right Robert
sometimes disasters that way
they told it off my wife takes me out of
the lighting setup we got here that's
the color sensors Jim right how it
bounces up guy is a lot of things do
that mean he's not anymore it doesn't
matter
him
I think I see his brother brother Salih
versus a little I'm going counselor
close range this really helps my play
right
in reality God is like
real the fascinating tool
keep on getting the good guys by the
bank reflect I have
my mother they were playing song
come on oh we spin around here
another good guy hey just got jumped and
shot by like four guys four on one not
the very fair fight if anybody wants to
meet me one on one to have a gunfight
I'll be in the middle part of the map
[Music]
once again the players using unfair
tactic you will be kicked this is a
warning
hold on mom how much can imagine exactly
nonsense please do not nice players
unless you are on knife level wonderful
ones write them down that's a part of
the game
[Music]
sorry guys I don't make the rules try it
out see how fast get kicked thank you
wait I'm in that gotta catch I'm just
good lookin I know mom I'm busy I'm
doing a homework mom we come in hold the
camera
how you doing I'm Kevin Kugler with peer
reviews today is March 13th and today
we'll be taking a look at the dell
inspiron 1300 netbook giving it a review
it was the hottest thing out right now
it's pretty sharp looking as you can see
jam-packed this Ram 500 megabytes a 28
inch monitor well it's got an AC LD L u
1 gigabyte mega RAM card and it's got
that for me an f2 button so uh let's see
what it can do as you can see like I
said before the LCD is perfect size at
42 inches get started okay a little bit
of a snag here on the administrative
prompt okay
by Pat bat with a 17
um Dell is known for this they're known
for these kind of things I'm cutting
some commentators on the clock there
would be I won't lose my cool this time
it's a good little netbook comes with
desktop size problems come on you dirty
truck
mouse has a not have good feel Dell
Inspiron 1300 netbook a hot little
netbook through the holidays jam-packed
with RAM 500 megabyte mask an app
settings back it has been a video review
[Music]
mr. mrs. Fred for court hates me Steve
the kids from next door
I'm serious auditions been callback
anymore yeah and just gave it my all
really Dave what I believe done from
this character and it worked out great
great dude you got to tell mom dad this
is what we call pansexual come this high
action psychological thriller and well I
mean not that I mean you're obviously
not kidding because you name dropped my
girlfriend my girlfriend a million times
tonight but I get back together
you're obviously not cakes front a
million times you're gonna like play
around while you're doing I don't know
like for you know our girls to be good
give me that cock
or sales you said serious actors will
not mess around with boys in
Philadelphia girlfriend in England
[Music]
a lot of empty grounds going on right
now
I can't believe how much this light is
helping that's why the students in the
bot get me through there in Calvin some
people I hate then to live and we're
going to find them right now and you're
indicating where's that ago now where
that is either ghost now
[Music]
try thinking you got stuff that was I'm
getting closer sighs don't care
sometimes people have to get shots and I
gotta be the only shooter like him one
you did a rather shoot at a rhythm keep
it natural one
my mind right off the water I'll get it
when he comes don't if you went the
other way and you go it's like a cowboy
ready
after you rose from the back he were
nice good guys had that bad habit again
that is the point
anybody up here now what the haircut who
want the haircut oh one more come on
mother and haircut time one more one
more one more near the door oh well
another like what fine quiet around here
great
where is everybody
[Music]
down anymore
Norway love states especially when it
spills bullet
[Music]
yep he's another good guy where is
everybody I know where he is going to be
more like my back like a plastic trap I
call out with the Bermuda Triangle
someone's coming around here I know our
only buddy
the only pals never watching my back and
I can't die for my shell which is a
shame
hello there is Lamar they just run my
master
Mason
think about switching it up leaving you
all the rifle training
you
sadly I can
you can't either
but okay
god no way take him John no head
Oh
[Music]